[KOGITO-7282] - [KSW-Guides] Deploying on Kubernetes Clusters (#256)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/common/_proc_deploy_sw_kubectl.adoc

[[proc-deploy-sw-application-kubectl]]
=== Deploying your workflow application using `kubectl`

You can also use `kubectl` command-line interface and plain Kubernetes objects to deploy your workflow application. +
And, instead of creating `knative` `yaml|json` descriptors, you can leverage the Quarkus Kubernetes extension and
Kogito Knative add-on to generate the descriptors.

.Prerequisites
* Kogito Workflow application ready to use.

> * `kubectl` command-line tool is installed.

Author: it seems ok. 
![Screenshot 2022-11-24 at 14 39 23](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1863987/203841867-9f44c7ef-aaef-4ede-934a-c08f620697fe.png)

* (Optional) Quarkus CLI is installed +
For more information about installing the Quarkus CLI, see link:{quarkus_cli_url}#installing-the-cli[Installing the Quarkus CLI].

.Procedure
. Add the Quarkus extensions to generate `knative` `yaml|json` descriptors.
+
--

> To use the Quarkus Kubernetes extension and Kogito Knative add-on, ensure that the following dependencies are available in `pom.xml` file and Gradle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Quarkus Kubernetes extension and Kogito Knative add-on, ensure that the following dependencies are available in the `pom.xml` file and Gradle:
```

  name: greeting-quarkus-kubectl
spec:
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app.kubernetes.io/name: greeting-quarkus-kubectl
    spec:
      containerConcurrency: 0
      containers:
        - image: {k8s_registry}/serverless-workflow-greeting-quarkus:1.0-native
          livenessProbe:
            failureThreshold: 3
            httpGet:
              path: /q/health/live
              port: null
              scheme: HTTP
            initialDelaySeconds: 0
            periodSeconds: 30
            successThreshold: 1
            timeoutSeconds: 10
          name: greeting-quarkus-kubectl
          ports:
            - containerPort: 8080
              name: http1
              protocol: TCP
          readinessProbe:
            failureThreshold: 3
            httpGet:
              path: /q/health/ready
              port: null
              scheme: HTTP
            initialDelaySeconds: 0
            periodSeconds: 30
            successThreshold: 1
            timeoutSeconds: 10
----

[NOTE]
====
Once the files are generated, you might be required to add the `imagePullPolicy` manually before deploying the workflow application.
====

[WARNING]
====

> Some system properties are not working properly due to a bug in decorate API. For more information about the bug, see link:https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/23832[Quarkus issue].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some system properties are not working properly due to a bug in the 'Decorate API'. For more information about the bug, see the link:https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/23832[Quarkus issue].
```

> There is a small bug on the 'Decorate API' where some system properties are not taking effect, for more information take a look at this link:https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/23832[Quarkus issue]. After the file generation, you might be required to add the `imagePullPolicy` manually before deploying it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a small bug on the `Decorate API` where some system properties are not taking effect, for more information take a look at this link:https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/23832[Quarkus issue]. After the file generation, you might be required to add the `imagePullPolicy` manually before deploying it.
```

[[proc-deploy-sw-application-kubectl]]
=== Deploying your workflow application using `kubectl`

You can also use `kubectl` command-line interface and plain Kubernetes objects to deploy your workflow application. +
And, instead of creating `knative` `yaml|json` descriptors, you can leverage the Quarkus Kubernetes extension and
Kogito Knative add-on to generate the descriptors.

.Prerequisites
* Kogito Workflow application ready to use.
* `kubectl` command-line tool is installed.

> * (Optional) Quarkus CLI is installed +

Reviewer 2: why do you need the Quarkus CLI in that section ?

Author: it can be used in during this section to add the extension and build the app, it is not described the exact steps.

Reviewer 2: If you are not mentioning it, then remove it from prerequisites. It could confuse the user ...

> For more information about installing the Quarkus CLI, see link:https://quarkus.io/guides/cli-tooling#installing-the-cli[Installing the Quarkus CLI].

Reviewer 3: I think we have a variable for the Quarkus Guides.

Author: there is, thanks for spotting it.
